Every day, millions of people fight silent battles no one can see.
Behind the smiles, the routines, and the brave faces—there’s a story.
This video is for them. For us. For everyone who’s ever felt overwhelmed,
unheard, or simply not okay. Today isn’t just about awareness—
it’s about understanding, empathy, and breaking the stigma. Because
the more we talk, the more we heal. So let’s begin... with openness,
honesty, and heart.
DEPRESSION lets talk
You don't always see it... but it's there.
The heavy thoughts behind the quiet
smile. The weight someone carries while showing up like nothing’s wrong.
Mental health isn’t always visible—but it’s real.
“Behind this smile…” or “After this laugh…”
Behind this smile is
a story not everyone knows. It's not just joy—it's resilience,
healing, and the strength to keep going even when the days feel heavy.
I feel like I’m drowning while everyone else breathes just fine.
Do we know if our loved one has it.
You don’t have to fix someone. Just show up.
Listen. Reach
out. Remind them they’re not alone.
So help by being there for them.